##ZABARI DANIEL
##APCS2 pd 9
##HW01
##2014-02-07


Do You Know?
Set 1

1. Does the bug always move to a new location? Explain.
2. In which direction does the bug move?
3. What does the bug do if it does not move?
4. What does a bug leave behind when it moves?
5. What happens when the bug is at an edge of the grid? (Consider whether the bug
is facing the edge as well as whether the bug is facing some other direction when
answering this question.)
6. What happens when a bug has a rock in the location immediately in front of it?
7. Does a flower move?
8. What behavior does a flower have?
9. Does a rock move or have any other behavior?
10. Can more than one actor (bug, flower, rock) be in the same location in the grid at
the same time?

1. The bug always moves to a new location if it can (if it is not surronded on all sides).
2. The bug moves forward, if it is not able to do so, it will rotate clockwise unitl it can move forward.
3. The bug rotates if it does not move.
4. When the bug moves, it leaves behind a flower.
5. The bug treats the end of the grid almost like a rock, when it reaches it, it will rotate until it can move without walkign off the edge.
6. The bug will rotate clockwise until it can move again.
7. The flowers do not move.
8. The flower gets darker with each step.
9. A rock just stands in the way of the bug.
10. No two actors can be in the same place at the same time.


Exercises
By clicking on a cell containing a bug, flower, or rock, do the following.
1. Test the setDirection method with the following inputs and complete the
table, giving the compass direction each input represents.
Degrees	Compass Direction
0	North
45	NorthEast
90	East
135	SouthEast
180	South
225	SouthWest
270	West
315	NorthWest
360	North


2. Move a bug to a different location using the moveTo method. In which
directions can you move it? How far can you move it? What happens if you try to
move the bug outside the grid?
The bug can be moved in any direction.  It moves a maximum of the sqrt of length squared x width squared.  An error is returned when the bug is moved outside the grid.

3. Change the color of a bug, a flower, and a rock. Which method did you use?
I used the setColor method.

4. Move a rock on top of a bug and then move the rock again. What happened to
the bug?
The bug is gone.
